[Music]
you want to browse the
internet safely and also access all the
content of your favorite platforms
like Netflix hbo Max or Disney Plus
cyberghost VPN And I don't know if you
know but there is content that is not available in your country
and with this
trick you can access all the
content wherever you are I don't know if you
know what a VPN is but it is an
extension that you put on your internet with
which it masks the IP and apart from
browsing completely safely and anonymously
without anyone being able to know who you are and
where you are It helps you access
some content that is blocked
in your country there are movies and series on your
favorite platforms that are not
available there are television programs
for example on mediaset content that
if you try to watch them outside of Spain
they have a geoblock that does not
allow you Well with Cyber ​​Ghost VPN that is
over Apart from being protected by
browsing anonymously you will be able to
access content from all over the
planet you will also have Total privacy
since it keeps your connection private and
protects your data ultra-fast speed
to eliminate the lake in any
online game with which you can enjoy
live shows without interruptions and as already
I told you Freedom to access all the
content on the planet wherever and whenever you
want Also take advantage of a whole 83%
discount using the link that I
left you in the description of this video and watch out
because you can try cyberghost VPN
45 days without commitment and if you are not
convinced you ask for a refund and it
will return to you in time So do not wait any
longer to protect your connection and improve
your internet experience run and
click on the link in the description and take
advantage of this super offer cyberghost
VPN to browse completely free and
surely he has said stupid things in that
video H that of course people who do not
understand animals see it as uh Look,
he said that if the dog had a bed and
the dog suddenly slept on top of
blankets or such eh all of us who have
had a dog for many years and you
know it Javi you buy the dog with
all your enthusiasm a little bed so that you can sleep
in the bed and if it does not come out of the
balls it will not sleep in that bed
mine sleeps by the mine has his bed and
sleeps in a corner you find him
once face down there the dog sleeps
where  he comes out of his balls, I mean, he
said so many things to try to make people feel
sorry for him, eh, that they broke into the house to see
that the dog was sick and look how
bad it is and this and that, that if they
put it in a cage, if they put it in
such and such And since I know that she didn't put it
inside the cage, she went out and I went back
in to see it, I don't know, I mean,
a very claimable portion, very
claimable, that of shown an
illegal recording, I mean, I enter your
house, I enter your house, I put 10 grams
of cocaine, I go out, I go in and I say, look,
there's cocaine here, what is that, is that a
crime, I mean, what they've done is a
crime to enter a house without permission,
but well, it's nonsense from the
supposedly, well, I'm talking to you, we
're talking like a
personal opinion in a colloquial way, but no,
but apart from that, it's very claimable that you break
into his house, you record how dirty it is
and you publish it in a
YouTube video that you intend to make viral, I
mean,
but G But who's to tell you that they didn't
catch  start in the house they before
is that I don't know is to say be true that
the house that I'm not going to talk about the
houses of others but for me that is a
crime is a crime for me okay Then
if they want to take him to court
take him to me but this girl won't let go the
family won't let go of the dog I repeat eh
they say that it belongs to Dallas give it
to Dallas you're not going to give it to him I don't know about it
But ha it's a video to make you feel sorry you've
had 7 years to reach an agreement
with him 7 years and the dog you haven't even
let him see him or get close to him or anything The
thing I had with Dallas was
precisely defending Miare that at
the same time that I did that the mother came out
saying barbarities about me she says them she says them
today video in which I
said such and such yes the mother is going to say
barbarities but well of everything that is
next to her talk to us she
puts her green she puts you
green to everyone neither next to Dallas nor
next to anyone I mean I
can agree with Dallas on 30 things and
disagree on another 30  I mean but they
come out saying that he has no empathy for
animals that he is an
animal abuser eh dropping the hint that he
likes zoophilia but but what are you
going on about say directly directly say he
likes zoophilia he is an
animal abuser because he has killed seven animals
and here is the video I really
hit the dog with 20 years
training a dog without knowing or Knowing that he
is an abuser what I have seen
is how his animals are and how he treats
animals I know what I know that maybe
later at home Then he puts
electricity in the balls of the dog of
the dog that he has I don't know but what
I know of dasas living with him
eh on the subject of animals is that he is very
cautious very delicate and has a lot of
empathy much more than people who do not
let the other person see the animal which
is what has happened to him and this boy has been
fighting for 7 years for that dog he
could have said look what V for the
dog's ass why more trouble But he has
continued fighting and finally after 7
years again  they give you the reason miare
hand over the dog stop crying on
social networks hand over the dog the
dog is going to suffer Yes the first month the
first month then no more I mean don't
tell us a story that doesn't exist that
the dog is very attached she is very
Yes it's that she shouldn't have praised
dogs are abandoned every day and that
dog is in No that dog is I'll
give you an example if you take my son away from me
at 6 months and I am
fighting for my son to get him back and I
arrive in Slovenia where I find my
son and a judge says to take him he is
my son now you will tell me is it
treated like an object in Spain no no longer it
is not to say you are treated like an
object I don't understand what it is based on it is a
property but no longer yes Well but
apart from being a property in the first
civil trial everything was already assessed who was in charge of who this what that is, do you
know if there is evidence that you are
hitting the animals out there nobody is
going to give him a G not a dog or a cat I
mean nobody that that  at 20 years old Dallas
eh hit the dog I'm telling you we've all hit
the dog because it
defecated on a chair so it
learns and we've stuck our nose in its
poop We've all done that to people who
will say No no positive training
positive training my balls are
animals that learn from childhood for
life and they learn to a voice and
they learn to a stimulus eh without pain but
they learn from childhood so all that
stuff that he told us in the video is to
tell us that lalas is a
child abuser theoretically or that he was accused
of abusing children I haven't seen any
conviction eh that the press said it was
all this the press is the press that favors
it and the one that criticizes anyone who
doesn't think eh that 50 years ago you ate
a tripe and it was full of hair 20
years ago you ate a tripe and it no longer had
waxed hair and today you eat a tripe
and you find a dick I mean if
you're not in tune with that eh Yeah  they can appear to you
But why do you want them to report me
again Fran because you're
always determined that if not they'll report you let's
see Javi 20 years ago You went down to the
sink you found a pile of hair
10 years ago You went down to the sink and
everything was clean and everything was piled up
but at what point did we go from
talking about whether a dog has a
twin brother to what you
find when you go down the sink you go down to the
sink and you find a dick what I
mean are those prog w media or
whatever you want to call it that are always
there and if a resolution comes out in favor
of an agent they publish it and if a resolution comes out
in favor of other people they don't
know That's what I mean They are media that
swallow it double because because it
interests them So I have seen a
40 minute video where theoretically Dallas
is the worst person in the world and she has
been the defender of animals the
question that I have is that dog lives
with her or does he live with them does he live with his
parents Okay then you tell me there  all is to
say dasas wants the dog to live
with him, that's it, is it Marlos or is it
Argos or is it Or whatever it is, I don't know There
is a resolution that says that he has to
hand over the dog I repeat If he
hands over the dog How little empathy he has, you don't defend
your dog until the end
you say that it's your dog, he doesn't defend it and
if you don't hand it over What a bad person you are
because you are taking away the opportunity from
someone who wants to have their dog and
for 7 years you haven't let them and you have taken
away the opportunity from that dog to
maybe run on the beaches of Dubai
and you have condemned it to walk through a
park So yes or yes you have screwed up
7 years ago, could you reach an
agreement because I know that an attempt was made to
reach an agreement and there was no agreement, there have been
several, there have been many, I know and
these people have refused, so
what pisses me off, for what I have joined is
because of the issue of
animal empathy, I repeat Dallas is many things
but at the animal level, to me personally, he
has shown that he has more empathy
than many people who go around like
Wow Okay  and that the animals that he has are
well taken care of, very well taken care of,
so they can make a video They can say
whatever they want But at the end of the day It
all comes down to one thing if you give up the
dog you don't want the dog and if you don't
give up the
dog you don't want the dog either. The bad guy here isn't Dallas and
Cel Nauter, the plural, the singular,
the Fu water or whoever can say whatever
they want but the fact is that
7 years ago that dog should have been with
Dallas and now the excuse is that that
dog is used to living with a
family, 7 years ago that dog
should have been with Dallas, which meant
condemning him to the death penalty, as
you know, I mean, I can say that that
dog is, it's like I say that
dog is scared because when he gets
home the lady is here I could say
that, don't say anything, better not say anything,
better listen to me, I could say but apart
from that, that would be a different story, no I mean, if
suddenly Now when I give the
dog back, the D loses the dog or the dog
dies, then people will freak out
no then say listen to me
But well, it's supposed to  we have to believe
in her here it comes down to give back the
dog or don't give back the dog you go on social
media crying after 7 years of being a pain in the
ass after 7 years of being a pain in the
ass and of No, I don't know if this
girl is still in love with this guy I
swear it's not, it's not normal I mean it's not
normal I mean this guy lives with a
spectacular woman they live peacefully and he
does his job from time to time he makes a
fuss Because it's Dallas but
this girl can't talk about anything else
and what a shame and what a shame and what a shame What a
shame the dog
[Music]